Copyright Assignment Agreement

Definitions:

        LEAP: LEAP Encryption Access Project.

    Software: The computer code and documentation contained in this repository.

 Contributor: An author who digitally signs the text of this agreement with
              their OpenPGP key.

Contribution: Any original work of authorship (software and/or documentation)
              including any modifications or additions to an existing work,
              submitted by Contributor to this Software, in which Contributor
              owns the copyright.

This copyright assignment agreement is entered between LEAP and Contributor. 

Whereas, Contributor wishes for LEAP to be free to use, modify, and distribute
Software, and LEAP wishes to do so.

Therefore, Contributor agrees to assign and hereby assigns all copyright to
LEAP for Contributions made to the Software. If the Contributor's jurisdiction
does not recognize assignment of copyright or related rights, Contributor
grants to LEAP a perpetual, world-wide, sub-licensable license to such rights.

Contributor asserts that they have all the rights necessary to assign the
Software, and that its publication will not infringe on the intellectual
property rights of any third party.

Contributor and LEAP agree that this agreement shall be binding upon the legal
successors and assigns of LEAP.

Moral Rights remain unaffected to the extent they are recognized and not
waivable by applicable law. Notwithstanding, Contributor may add their
name in the header of the source code files of their Contribution and LEAP
will respect this attribution when using the Contribution.

LEAP agrees to make the Software, and all future derivations, available under
the terms of a license on the Free Software Foundation's list of "Recommended
Copyleft Licenses." This currently includes, but is not limited to the GPL,
AGPL, LGPL, MIT, BSD, and Apache licenses. Contributor shall have the right to
terminate this agreement if LEAP does not fulfill its license obligations.

The Contribution is provided "as is": All express or implied warranties
including, without limitation, any implied warranty of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement are expressly disclaimed
by Contributor to LEAP and by LEAP to Contributor.

This agreement and all disputes, claims, actions, suits or other proceedings
arising out of this agreement or relating in any way to it shall be governed
by the laws of United States excluding its private international law
provisions. If any provision of this agreement is found void and
unenforceable, such provision will be replaced to the extent possible with a
provision that comes closest to the meaning of the original provision and that
is enforceable.
